---
layout: post
title: Athletic Thoughts
---

I've been doing a lot of thinking about athletics and sports. To me it has been a pillar of my life when I have been happiest. It seems as though I'm a little lost at times when I don't have a large "ultimate" goal or I feel as though I'm just going through the motions. This has prompted me to think a lot about life after university and what I will do to make myself feel fulfilled. My thoughts are as follows:

It seems as though work can be a great way to express yourself and gain a sense of self accomplishment. Although I'm cautioned to be overly dependant on this for of fulfillment since it leads to work-a-holic type behaviour. Since we live in a post industrialized service economy it only makes sense that we "work" or perform services for money (since we no longer barter for goods). With this thought in mind it would be great to really be passionate and have a sense of fulfillment at thw workplace or to say it in a nicer while performing your profession of choice.

My second idea on fulfillment is challenges. I'm not sure if everyone has seen the move <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Into_the_Wild">Into The Wild</a> but I recommend it. The real great idea I took from this file was that of challenges and new experiences I think the quote goes something like this: ".....the core of man's spirit comes from new experiences....". Now this quote really summarizes how we feel when we travel or do something amazing. So I'm setting forth the challenge to myself to continue to be challenged (sounds corny right).

So to wrap this up the plan is to keep it interesting, my whole life try new things. There is a large world out there where professional sports and sports glory which I once took as the only goal are just a tiny spec. Self fulfillment and personal challenges go hand in hand. one last though to add, wouldn't it be great if we could be fulfilled and passionate about conservation or mother earth as well I think that would be the ultimate so my next post might have something to do with <a href="http://www.canadians.org/">Council of Canadians</a> because I love Canada.