---
layout: post
title: First Post
---

Since this is my first real post there won't be much in the way of information. I have recently become fascinated with starting a business on the web. I'm not just talking selling a couple IPhone apps or a twitter app (althought that might be nice). I was interested in how start-ups are formed. The challenges involved and some of the neat ways small start-ups compete with the big boys so after some reading here are some of my observations:

1. Time to Market

The largest advantage for small companies in my opinion is the ability to get it up and running. After seeing first hand the process in larger organizations I'm not surprised to find out that start-ups can do a lot in a short period. Makes you wonder why large organizations aren't trying to reduce red tape to drive innovation.

Since smaller companies do in fact try things out that are risky or need to be fast the Time To Market advantage is a real pillar of success for small firms.

2. Fresh ideas

At large companies it can be easy to just go along with the "group think" of the year. Since smaller organizations are usually created out of necessity, ideas or passion there distinct advantage lies in the unknown territory. We have all heard about the student who did something never done before because he didn't "know any better".

Do not under-estimate the value of fresh approaches and fresh thinking.

Here is an interesting company in Vancouver worth checking out http://bootuplabs.com/. I would say the blog has some great videos. The content is not large but the founders have some neat ideas on how to drive your small business or idea.

Erik