---
layout: post
title: Risky Job Applications
---

It did not become apparent to me until I read Seth's post on March 5th. I've been safe. The background is this: I have been applying to jobs over the past couple weeks. I refuse to apply to positions that are "normal". I don't want to be a cog. I would rather work for myself and force myself into innovation then be enslaved by low expectations and a show up type mentality.

Now this attitude did not become apparent to myself until after I read Seth's post on March 5th regarding his visits to campuses in the U.S. It's true, I am scared of huge companies. I want to affect change. I have been applying for positions at smaller companies with little hope of getting hired. Why? Because the minute someone takes a risk on me I want to be there. I'm not upset that most of the time I get little in the way of responses or completely ignored. My e-mails border on informal and my cover letters are walking a line of arrogance. But here is the catch, it's okay. I'm not going to go completely fake to get a position I will hate. I know lots of great people who develop software that I can consult for future opportunities. So why still apply? I'm looking for a chance to be a part of a great organization, a small start-up or affect some real change.

My friend Jason brought up a great point to me once. My cover letter, resume or responses are filters. Filters for companies that I don't want to work for. If they decided my answers are too brash or my approach is too confident or not formal enough GREAT, I don't want you. Keep denying me and once I find a good opportunity it must be a good one.