---
layout: post
title: The Beauty Of Canada
---

The beauty of Canada is in the people and the landscapes. I'm not just talking about the sheer size which is cool but the immense diversity across the nation. There are several different regions wether Manitoba's wheat fields, Nova Scotia's rocky coastline, Alberta and BC Rockies or Norther Ontario's wilderness. Then of curse the people hippie BC'ers, French from Quebec or the Newfie fisherman.

It makes you wonder what brought us together? Who and Why? Well I'm sure people all have their opinions about the British and our loyalty to the throne in the past. Regarless standing on the citadel hill in Halifax I'm glad it is here for me to enjoy and a country I can really be proud of.

I'm not sure why I used to be loyal or excited about being Canadien apart from the obvious reasons (Hockey etc) but I do know nw after meetin countless nice people why I love this Country. In Halifax some locals bought us a round of Keiths and made us feel very welcome. In Northern Ontario in Cochrane a young wItress got us a place to stay at her ex Father in law's field. In Montreal staying with friends or having or broken window covered and properly cleanuped for free by a bunch of nice guys.

I can now say that I love this country for a reason. I'm proud to be from here and I feel lucky to have this large country accesible to me. I'm sure there are countless other countries that have similar things to Canada with plenty of nice people I think this is why Im so excited to travel. 

For now I will bask in the beauty and niceness that is Canada. 


Go Nucks.