---
layout: post
title: Palm is dying, or so it seems
---

There seem to be plenty of <a href="http://www.theglobeandmail.com/blogs/markets/new-palm-target-zero/article1506170/">articles</a> on <a href="http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2007/jun/06/canpalmbesav">Palm's slow decent</a> into the business grave. I'm curious for a couple reasons on what will unfold. First they have hired Jon Rubinstein most well know for the invention of the IPOD. Second they are in competition in an exploding industry with companies that have proved resilient and progressive in the past namely Apple and Google.

Here is my first question: Is hiring Jon Rubinstein drastic enough? This draws parallels with a lot of companies that die a slow death. Should Palm bail? I'm not convinced they can succeed in a market with such high competition. The reason I say this is that I'm not sure hiring Jon Rubinstein is enough. Is Palm too large to change fast? They might be and they might go down hard.

I would propose they do something drastic, change the game. They are losing right now Apple has the best touch screen on the market and it would be an impossible feat to dethrone them. There best course of action is to change the way the game is played, be innovative beyond their competitors wildest dreams, and they just might make it. What's the alternative die a slow death?

They have bright engineers, manufacturing, infrastructure, distributors etc. It's almost too easy, they can do something great without having the hard struggle that any other small start-up would. They have the capacity to change the game. They just need to overcome their lizard brain.