---
layout: post
title: Renting/Borrowing vs Buying
---

This post is inspired by a <a href="http://georgesaines.com/2010/08/10/be-happier-rent-everything/">posting</a> on Hacker news. Where George examines renting vs buying.

This subject is interesting to me. Why do we all need to own everything? Is it more environmentally friendly for us to all have our own chainsaw at home? Or would it be more beneficial for a couple people we know to own one? It would seem that the latter would be a more efficient use of the earth's resources.
So why is this not the case? My personal opinion on this is the following:

*We are conditioned by companies to want our own everything*

Our own house, car, Ipod, everything. No of course I'm not saying we need to share everything. Give it some thought though. Imagine yourself walking next store and borrowing the lawnmower from your neighbor. Imagine if he was the only one on the road who had one? Wow, wow, wow, I know what your thinking. Geez, Erik that sounds like a community. But you know a community is pretty much socialism, which is pretty much communism and that is just evil. Or is it? Should we start being less internal in our homes and our lives?

I believe we need to start shifting our feelings, thoughts and emotions a little more outwards. Let's start sharing. Let's stop being so shy with everyone else. Let's start forging lasting partnerships. Imagine if you and your neighbours actually shared some stuff. Think that you would be closer? So do I. So next time you want to buy something consider going in with your neighbour, or anyone else.

*We buy shit when we get bored*

I find it interesting that when we have everything. We still want more shit. Imagine the following situation. You just bought the biggest purchase of your life. A brand new boat. You've started accumulating shit to put in the boat so you can impress your friends and have a great time on your new boat. This is great, it sounds awesome. There is nothing wrong with this situation. Except for this: what's next???

I know what your thinking well you use it. Or do you? Is it big enough? Have you outgrown it? Is there a different type of boat that would be better? If only you had that other boat your life would be complete. I mean you can't afford it know. But in ten years your life will be better when you can buy this boat.

From a personal perspective when I reflect on something that happened growing up I have no learnt a valuable lesson. My parents bought a boat in partnership with my Grandpa. Fucking brilliant. Did the partnership work out? Great I think, so what can I learn from this? What if my sister and I bought a boat together? With another neighbour? And another couple? Best case scenario we all get to use a cheaper boat. Worse case we all want to use it at the same time. In the latter we would just have more friends on the boat. Seems pretty awesome to me.

So let's get out there. Let's start being social again. Let's start risking our neck in friendships. Let's see if people want some change. And let's try not to consume new stuff just to make us happy. If we really need to, then let's share it. Let's start thinking about everything we buy. Do we really need one of these? Can we rent it?