---
layout: post
title: If only
---

As a kid I was a sporty person. I grew up playing hockey, soccer,   baseball you name it I was into it. I tried it all karate, music, all of  it.  I'm fascinated with my childhood and how happy I was.  It does  seem however that something was awry. I can't seem but  feel that I was  searching in my childhood. And I've been searching now for a long time.

I remember as a young  12 year old hockey player sitting in that  stands wishing I could play  for the local hockey team the Peninsula  Panthers that drew a crowd of  500-1000 fans every Friday night. I used  to wish that if only I could  make that team my life would be happy. "If  only". Two words that have  haunted me my whole life.

When I was 15/16 I used to watch the  Panther games with friends and  still think if only I could make that  team. If only.

I spent the summer of my 17th birthday playing  hockey ant Next Level  Hockey camp. We played 3-4 times a week in the  summer and got better. I  was then offered a spot to play on a rival team  of the Peninsula  Panthers. My if only had almost come true.

I  was 17 when we played our first game against the Peninsula  Panthers. I  had made it. I was doing what I had set out to do. It was  incredible. My  if only had come to be. So as the year wore on I got  called up the the  Nanaimo Clippers Jr.A team. I played some games and  my next if only  began. If only I could play for them. And I did.

Fast forward now 5  years and I'm graduating University from UVIC. In  first year I would  repeat the same sentence with clarity and  familiarity: "if only". If  only this test, if only this one time. If  only I could get through it.

I'm  now going to graduate I can and I can't help but thinking it  might be  time to give up those two words that have haunted me for so  long. To the  average person they seem okay, it's just you wanting to  get to the next  step. My problem is this: If we are only doing this,  what comes next? We  are never doing anything worth doing if were only  going for only.

So  here we go. I'm officially getting rid of it. If only is now  gone. I  will accept now all: Because, in-spite of, after the facts. I  will not  limit myself to specific if only's. I will now strive further.  If I  don't get somewhere I will not measure my happiness by a value of  if  only.

This is really about happiness. If we convince ourselves  that  happiness comes from if only's we are wrong. If we bank on the if   only's we are wrong. Do you think Joe Thorton is happy if only he could   make the NHL. Little good that would do him.

So it is gone. And  now my true journey begins with no more if only. I  will be better then if only. My happiness will be more then and if  only.