---
layout: post
title: The Value of Reading Books...
---

I have never been fond of reading books...that was until about 4 months ago. I've spent the better part of the last 4 months transforming who I am and how I perceive the world. How did this happen? It was by reading books (with the help of a good friend). The ideas in the books I've read in the last 4 months are by no means groud breaking. So why am I so impressed? I was able to see that there were in fact other people like me who shared some of the same opinions in a world that sometimes feels a little small.

We have worked in places where we try to get through the day and live for the weekend for long enough. We have put up with mediocrity for long enough. I was told as many of you were that University would be the savior of our lives. It is not. The books I have read have let me see these facts. Books provide a concrete form of ideas in a way that you can pause and think about. Conversation can be too quick, but books allow you to dig deep personally and have conversations with your self.

If your looking to change your life I know of lots of books that have changed the way I look at the world. At first it can be daunting to let yourself go a bit and open yourself to new ideas. I think this is partially why it has been so groundbreaking for me. I'm young, I'm not "dug in" as they say. Some of the best books I have read in the past four months have taught me to be more human, be creative, to lose the fake, and to just be a nicer person.