---
layout: post
title: When things don't die
---

I thought I would share some ideas on a subject that interests me alot. The topic of dead/end of life and renewal has come up many times throughout my life. The end of an era came up when I recently saw Rod Brindamour sitting out of a recent <a href="http://www.hockeyprimetime.com/news/southeast/the-beginning-of-the-end-for-rod-brindamour">Carolina hockey game</a>. So what does this say about renewal and the end of era's.

For myself I have always thought about dying as natural. Not being a believer in the super natural I accept that my time alive is finite. To me this is natural and important. But do we miss the beat of death in other facets of life??? Business, personal life, professional life, Government?

In business companies that are small and adaptable can breed change and infuse old industries with new ideas. When a small company such as Google in a basement changes the world they do so from a new perspective. It's cyclical in my opinion. Microsoft has become complacent and large. Google prodded them and took over as a dominant figure in the Tech industry. Now Google is still fairly young but there making operating systems, web browsers search engines and much much more. One day will they become obsolete? Of course. In my opinion it works, this is how we will breed the future MySpaces, Ballard Fuel Cells and other great companies that change the world.

So in business I believe that it is important for small companies t drive innovation and for larger companies to die COUGH(GM). It may be time for smaller companies willing to adapt quickly and work with lower managerial overhead to take over and seize this opportunity to finish off the cycle.

Personally as I see it, it is not a bad thing when a tree falls. A large tree can decompose and put nutrients back into the soil, and store some of the sun's energy for use by other parts of the forest. If the tree falls and doesn't decompose quickly then other small plants can use it to grow. Eventually turning the tree into a part of the forest bed.
