---
layout: post
title: Remember When We Were Up In Arms About Blowjobs?
---
<p>
Remember the days we were all up in arms about Bil Clinton's blowjobs? I'm willing to bet he was not the first president to cheat on his wife. You know what strikes me as interesting? In spite of the fact that it's horrible what he did to his wife, it's kind of funny. We weren't talking about the world ending, babies getting killed in Afghanistan, prisoner torture. It kind of makes you wonder, gee he may have been a bad husband, but hey if all we had to worry about were blowjobs, I'll take the evil I know.

The perspective is everything in the paragraph and that is something to consider. Your life doesn't seem so bad once you compare it to others. Just as Bill Clinton seems like a darn good president after seeing the best Texas had to offer. I think it's important to keep things in perspective. It's easy to think things are bad, but hey the world is always ending just wait till tomorrow then we are really screwed.

Barack Obama just gave his "State of The Union" address last night. It was a great speech that highlights to me, why he IS such a great president, but we won't have that put into perspective until he is dead and gone. As with all changes they hurt and people will oppose them. Barack is doing his life's work, while at the same time improving America. While watching the speech it made me wonder: How did our grandparents feel emerging from the Great Depression? What hope or lack of hope did they have? A war with Germany, and horrible droughts, yet North America emerged stronger. Are we in such a peril condition now? One might argue we are in a pretty good spot. Perspective is everything when thinking about this.
</p>
